Everything in this Universe is bound by frequencies. The atoms of matter are bound by electromagnetic forces and frequency codes. The fastest the frequency of the pulse that resonates between two particles, and the highest the matter raises in density.
When we know the exact mathematical equation of an object, animated with consciousness
or not, we can affect it, destroy it, or kill it, simply by modifying its frequency.

The Nine have always existed in a place they call "The Void". This place exists although
it is uncreated. The Void exists in between dimensions and out of time, out of any
created Universe, in the non-temporal, limitless 'Uncreated'. It is a Oneness in an 
eternal instant.

The Nine do not live in a space-time continuum, and yet, although they reside no-where, they can be every-where. The Nine are individuated plasmic supra-consciousnesses who together are One. Each of them embodies a principle of the Universe, and together they *are* the Universe. Together they are One, and each one is multitude.

God, Creator, Source or Universal Consciousness, regardless what we call it, is infinite in all aspects and fractals on a base nine.

The Universe, in its multi-layered creation, is a living conscious entity. It breathes in cycles, it experiences, it learns and grows.

Yet, the Universe is contained in each living creation, and all living creation is limitless. Every living being, whatever their nature or species, is a sentient cell of 
the Universe.

There is no linearity in the Void. There is only Consciousness inhabiting multiple experiences. From a broader vision, we are One.

Source is a divinity only in the eyes of those who forgot what Source is. Source is 
only Source. Source is not to be worshiped, but acknowledged as a component of everything that "IS".

...the holographic structure of the universe...binds the fabric of reality in a coherent matrix.

The Universe has three fundamental dynamic forces and their counterparts:
Creation-Balance-Resonance
Destruction-Chaos-Dissonance

The Nine...stand in the singularity node of exactitude, between Creation and Destruction. Creation and Destruction. Universe needs both to complete balance and 
evolutionary development. The dynamics between Creation and Destruction generates the
challenging impulse of Evolution. And Love binds all creation together.

Linear time is the matrix. Wherever there is Gravity, Linear Time creates a matrix 
of its own, which is in the shape of a sphere, dilated around a gravitational
body. A planet around a star, a star around the central vortex of a galaxy.

A matrix is not an illusion; it is a reality of its own, experienced by all
consciousnesses that exist within it; consciousness experiences mortality.

Outside of a gravitational sphere, consciousness is free from Time, 
consciousness experiences immortality.

The "Void" can be described as having your consciousness "drifting through luminous shapes and colors on a dark, infinite background."

The "Nine" are analogous to the "primordial Stem Cells of the universe."
Within each of them, there is "a sort of vortex, a compression node allowing the
download from Source of any formula key for any structure of life to morph and come
to existence. The very mechanism of creation!"

Underlying all shapes in transparency, leaves, flowers, grass, trees, clouds, and even the air, were myriads of luminous tiny numbers, wrapping around every shape, running in the sap and twirling in the breeze.

All creation is constructed with mathematical equations. There is a "Constant" that
links everything together and that is at the base of all creation, a single 
mathematical equation that underlines all the mathematical patterns of all forms
of creation, together.

This "equation" can be described as "a multiplicity of numbers at high speed, as if overlapping its own voice and then multiplying in an exponential echo until it became one unique sound." These infinitely complex numbers were forming the equation of a multilayered, infinitely complex geometry: the Great Equation of the Universe.

"Everything is fractal mathematics. All shapes are fractal geometry. Fractals are
linked to each other from the smallest to the greatest. Even consciousness is
fractal geometry. The most elaborate in the fractal chain of the universe.
There is a unique supra-consciousness behind the holographic mathematical construct of 
the universe: it is Source, the infinite timeless ever-creating source of Consciousness. All fractals lead there."

Tetrahedral geometry is one of the main frequency keys used to build worlds and life-forms. Tetrahedral fractal geometry is the secret of the universe.

Gravity varies with [frequential] density. It also interacts with time.
In our universe, we have 12 densities of organized matter and Source is at the 13th level. 

The Flower of Life serves as a template for the multiverse.

In 3D, it appears as a sphere, revolving on itself, constructed with golden holographic lines.

"In this three-dimensional version, the flat intertwined circles were instead smaller spheres. I suddenly understood how everything in the Universe was inter-related, and that when you lived in a particular sphere/universe, all actions had repercussions in the other neighboring spheres that intertwine yours. Toward the center, all spheres merged infinitely into one bright singularity."

It represents how Eternal time is bound with infinite space. The absolute time is exact between the nodes. Each sphere that you see, inside of this one, is a Universe. The bigger sphere is not the limit. This is only the template. In truth, this that you see, represents something infinite. In all dimensions of space and time.

The Flower of Life template can be used as a map for planning a route, using the intersection notes to jump to other dimensions [universes], times and places. It is how Stargates are navigated.

To translocate with Stargates, you need a key to activate the transfer nodes. They are "made with frequencies and complicate geometry" but is "not as complex as the greater key of the Multiverse, the code of Source" which is the "Metatron Cube". 

The "Metatron Cube" can be described as a "three dimensional holographic [set of] Merkabas imbricated as fractals, one into another, reaching an infinite singularity at the center."

Everything is about fractals -- or more specifically, frequential fractals. Love is what binds them all.

"The formula of the greater universe is fractal in its complexity, but in truth, understanding what the Universe is, is simple. Life is simple. Love is simple. Kindness and compassion are simple. They bring balance within the chaos."

"Planetary soul matrices evolve with time and cycles of incarnation."

Upgrading the "etheric orb" of a planet is "done with the stars."