THE PLANETARY SHIFT

by Elena Danaan - June 17 2025

​This planet is now adjusting to a higher frequency of existence,

shifting safely to the average vibrational field of Nataru: 5 on a scale of 12 (Source = 13).

With this new resonance paradigm, many of the old dynamics become dissonant.

​

The planet is shifting - physically and spiritually.

The Earth trembles, as does the collective consciousness.

​

This is why you are experiencing an increase in conflicts and confusion at all levels.

Don't dwell in the vibration of conflict.

Ride the wave of change through the way of the heart.

The heart is the portal.

Embrace diversity and refuse to engage in arguments.

Set boundaries to protect yourself from disturbance and harm

in order to find peace within your heart.

Block out disturbances that no longer align with your paradigm,

and sever ties with people who drag you down instead of lifting you up,

by any means necessary.

​

Those who are triggered by your boundaries are the people who took advantage of you. 
Once you cut off their access, they become angry because they are no longer connected to their supply. This forces them to turn inward and discover their own inexhaustible connection to Source.

They will remember who they are when they discover the fractal seed of the Creator within themselves. Setting boundaries helps your "enemy" evolve.

You are doing them good, and this is also compassion.  

Truthfully, there are no enemies or divisions,

only people who haven't yet discovered the path of the heart.

We are all One, as fractal consciousnesses from the same parent source.

The illusion of separation is created by our incorporation into matter.

Linear time is an illusion due to our physical binding to gravity.

We exist in the eternity of time, the infinity of space, and the oneness of consciousness.

As always happens in great periods of change, the old paradigm is fighting.

Recently, Neptune's alignment opened the stargate,

allowing you to become the architects of your wonderful future.

The end of one paradigm is the beginning of the next.

All is well.

 

The end is the beginning. 

​

​

Elena Danaan "Sumaa", Earth Emissary for the Galactic Federation of Worlds.